world
against madrid and venezuela
taking advantage of the kitchen for my strength
what surrounds me everything takes in the
I still wanted to win a
What is boxing like?
presented by senators sometimes not what
we have achieved right now the sun its
travel
if a national title that pelé mexico in
a well-stolen tie after he arrived
doubt changes bermúdez to remove
what came to them my rival
she's fine this chance i'm going for two
physically I feel good
mentally super well concentrated and
prepared with all the above is a
little strong
comes already comes from subtitle not only
you are going to remove us so easily
fight against that and against the bones
also if now for your week
studying caracas we do not finish neither
really prays with very reserve projects
and with that the subway present and good
it felt good already here we finished the
stage the first the speed please to
track for us for another that jogs
what we have opened when
with people
behind your back how you feel very
proud
to be where I am was to be so big
thanks to the heart
does not have to for a sport
great can I feel great can
wear
to be a very big promoter of
boxing and my goal is to reach them and
I know that with the fire of the god of bailen
twins let's say 90 percent right now and
there is still a month of preparation that
at 100
everything that has good looks before the
games were many fights that weep
mensah years and one of those but not the
preliminaries to get to the games
nationals that it is great that
champion one hundred
I think so ready ready for them
profit professionals but the
world that was the history of falcon and
I think I was prepared that plasta
physically I feel good I feel
well thank god done my job in
my game and only leonardo ortiz in the
athletics track and jobs in the
glove I feel good thanks and good
ready to get here really champion
of the world
without much complete and a boxer who
It has two to affirm competition
the rock board
a stronger more aggressive role that is going to
go out
to take the initiative always fight and
I feel calm because I know that I
I prepared that I had to prepare and that
that does not bother me at all
greetings to the opener dotcom a
greeting opener point people
you will catch the opportunity is for here
interview her because we want them